# Working Group Effectiveness Task Force Meeting #10
IRC: #WGE

## Admin
* Welcome
* Agenda
* Aim: Update on discussions from last meeting, prepare for AC begins!

## Outcomes and Updates
See [README.md](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/) 

### [Chair Train] Chair Guidance and Sessions
Chair sessions including dedicated breakout sessions at TPAC which can be both information giving and sharing sessions. Task Force members can inform chairs as to the new available tools and information. Chairs can share information on what has and has not worked for them in their respective groups. TPAC usuaully has a chairs breakfast presentation, in which the Task Force can present its findings. At TPAC 2017 it transpired that whilst finding chair training useful, chairs would prefer a buddy process, easy to find information, and sharing chairing responsibilities more useful. 

#### Buddy Process
Describing a system on [Buddy System](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/buddy_system.md). 

## Invigorating the Chair Mailing List
A few of us sent a mail to the chairs mailing list, what happening?!

Tzviya commented  in the last meeting that having a “Welcome Email” for chairs would be a good idea also. I have started a document in our GitHub repo for us to begin drafting these email <https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/chair_emails.md

## Chair Emails
What else should we include in the [chair email templates](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/chair_emails.md)?

#### Co-Chairs
How can we take this forward?

### [Guide] Updated /guide (Easy to Read and Access Information for New and Existing Attendees)
Guide is being structured over in [/Guide on Github](https://github.com/w3c/Guide). Need to work on Information Architecture.

Have we had further thoughts on consistency of Working Group homepages?

### [Testing] Testing
Testing issue has been added to [W3C Process Github Repo](https://github.com/w3c/w3process/issues/157). I'll raise when we begin discussing plans for process 2019.

I haven't heard anything back from Marcos re videos since January. I'll give him a nudge!

### [CSI] Common Standards Issues Document and Triage Process
Need to continue work on [Common Standards Issues](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/CSI.md) Document. This will be presented to the AC at AC2018. Any thoughts on this from the group?

### [Ombudsman] Ombudsman for Working Group Effectiveness with Guidelines for Escalation
Do we want to write a process for this?

## AOB
* Other issues

