# Working Group Effectiveness Task Force Meeting #12
IRC: #WGE

## Admin
* Welcome
* Agenda
* Aim: Guide Updates, Bullying Issue, TPAC

## Outcomes and Updates
See [README.md](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/) 

### [Chair Train] Chair Guidance and Sessions
Our discussions lead us to detail the Buddy System. We aim to pass this to the team to manage. Are we happy with this, or do we want to do more?

#### Buddy Process
Describing a system on [Buddy System](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/buddy_system.md). 

#### Chair Emails
Reminder that our [chair email templates](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/chair_emails.md) exist. Can / should we do more?

### [Guide] Updated /guide (Easy to Read and Access Information for New and Existing Attendees)
Guide is being structured over in [/Guide on Github](https://github.com/w3c/Guide). Need to work on Information Architecture.

Have we had further thoughts on consistency of Working Group homepages?

### [Testing] Testing
Testing issue has been added to [W3C Process Github Repo](https://github.com/w3c/w3process/issues/157). I'll raise when we begin discussing plans for process 2019.

I haven't heard anything back from Marcos re videos since January. I'll give him a nudge!

### [CSI] Common Standards Issues Document and Triage Process
Need to continue work on [Common Standards Issues](https://github.com/w3c/wg-effectiveness/blob/master/CSI.md) Document. This will be presented to the AC at AC2018. Any thoughts on this from the group?

### [Ombudsman] Ombudsman for Working Group Effectiveness with Guidelines for Escalation
Do we want to write a process for this?

## AOB
* Other issues

